# Reflection

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### The semantic tags we used in this assignment, such as header, article, and section tags, are important for a number of reasons, beginning with their utility when being interpreted by search engines. Differentiating the content within the elements by their place in the web page; defined by the element tags, provide more information that search engines can use when ranking our web page in an environment where an abundance of other content is available. Another important use of these tags is for accessibility, such as accessibility for non-English-speakers and visually impaired readers. This is because maximizing accessibility requires maximizing how effectively programs such as screen readers and translators interface with our website, and part of this is telling these programs how to differentiate between the different content in our web page. Overall, in a time when automated programs are key to human interaction with information on the internet, the ability of these programs to understand both the purpose of a web page and the individual pieces of content within that web page become paramount to effective web design.

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### <http://u.cubeupload.com/justincapocci/ScreenShot20180114at.png>  
<http://u.cubeupload.com/justincapocci/caeScreenShot20180114at.png>

The first picture shows a website layout that organizes the information in a format that not only makes the information easy to process but also presents it in a visually interesting way. The second layout presents the same information but organized into blocks of text on a blank screen. Although the information is the same, the unappealing, bland nature of the way the information is presented in the second example makes it much less likely that a reader will be interested in visually processing the information. It also does very little, compared to the first format, to actually confirm to the reader that the page is the one they are looking for, or that the page loaded correctly, as it is indistinguishable at first glance from an incorrectly loaded site. Thus the importance of the presentation of the information (in this case manipulated through css) is that without organizing the information in a visually appealing way the reader would likely either not be interested in examining the content of the page or would assume there is something wrong with it, as they would expect a certain standard of presentation from a completed site.
